George Haikal: Recording real quick.
George Haikal: Okay, so this is tech starts for life. This is.
George Haikal: there's a mixture of content here. There's some of our own cook stuff, but mostly it's what every techstars founder sees at the end of their program experience. So we're going to go over what you can expect from us afterwards. Some of the follow up procedures, and we'll cover both logistics as well as some of the the tips and tricks that we have for the best founders post program
George Haikal: start with post program.
George Haikal: So
George Haikal: we're gonna go through what to focus on and then additional resources. So this is going to be a very resource, heavy session this deck will make sure that you guys get. And you'll also get the recording. There's lots of links. Yeah, you're gonna want to click on certain links to get those resources.
George Haikal: So this is from techstars as a whole.
George Haikal: Do you want to go through each one?
George Haikal: No, I think it's pretty straightforward, but I can just talk through it briefly, like we have a ton of fundraising resources. You already have access to it, because when we launched the Alumni Hq. In base camp. I have doors. I don't know if you scroll down, but underneath the message and the chat and the docs and files. There's a door to Texas. There's a door to the fundraising toolkit in notion, and there's a door to
George Haikal: It's a 3rd door to educational resources. It's a really good robust stuff, and I know you didn't have time to go through all that during program.
George Haikal: I can't even begin to tell you how like high quality. The content that we've curated over the years are. So there's a whole gold mine that you're sitting on, that we haven't given you the time to take advantage of during program that now post program, you all can level up even more
George Haikal: and level up the rest of your team who joins your company as well, you'll have access to.
George Haikal: And then below all of those, there's 6 doors in middle of my queue. There's 1 more door at the bottom, so you might know where the last door is. The 7th door.
George Haikal: Nope.
George Haikal: Nobody knows the alumni Hq. But the last little button is there.
George Haikal: You might want to guess.
George Haikal: Yeah, come on up. Yeah, come on up. What's up? You're good. You're good. We had a special mention of you in our last session. Yes, you have to watch the recording, though, to know what we said. We know how good you all are. It's good to see you. Yeah. The 7th door is a link to my boxer.
George Haikal: So when you're in base camp and you're in a low, nice queue and you get stuck, and you're like I need to talk to. Neil. Hit the button. It's like the red phone.
George Haikal: Yeah. Okay, so
George Haikal: so this whole session is going to be about staying consistent, how to keep us updated. That is one of the big onuses that's going on, you guys, as alumni. So there are a lot of different ways that we expect you to keep us updated and to reach out for help when you need it. And we have different avenues for that. We'll go through today
George Haikal: and then power for the network. Utilize it. We'll talk about it. Yep, okay. 1st is fundraising.
George Haikal: So after this cohort in a few months, usually, like January ish. We're going to have an investor reveal that Sylvia will send some info out for right in our Hq. So our Hq. Will become the way that we talk to you guys as a cohort, as alumni. Very important, and we'll go through
George Haikal: how to keep your notifications on for that at the end of this. But we do. This pooled investor reveal with all of the companies that just graduated. So this is something that has a very strict deadline. Usually a lot of alumni miss it when we like. Send this out because they're not checking basecamp anymore. And then they're sad that they missed it because it has to do with all the other programs. We can't make exceptions and get late. So just look for that message in the New Year from Sylvia
George Haikal: Cool.
George Haikal: Yeah, up to date, pitch, deck, investor, debt pro forma roadmap. You all know these things. We've gone over them deeply. This is your reminder and refresher.
George Haikal: Simple enough. Yeah, this is the other thing that happens a lot. And it's easy to forget this.
George Haikal: I hear from mentors every program who are disappointed with founders who do not ask them to invest.
George Haikal: I promise you it's a courtesy. Okay, it's a courtesy. So be ready for the no, but you give them the right of 1st refusal, especially if there's mentors that really meant a lot to you or were helpful.
George Haikal: Be respectful to them, just saying like, Hey, I I have no idea whether you do this or not, but I just really want you to know how valuable your help was throughout this program, and if you wanted the opportunity to be a part of our company and our team and and and invest, we'd love to give that to you.
George Haikal: Yeah, we aren't sure if they invest or not, is it still appropriate? Yes, think about it. Put yourself in in the shoes right? One day you're going to mentor a Tech Stars Company.
George Haikal: Probably right now, I'd imagine you're not just sitting on a bunch of money that you want to invest in a bunch of other starts right. But maybe one day you do. You're mentoring. You're not thinking about that.
George Haikal: but a founder that you gave advice to is like, Hey, Annie, like your advice was amazing, and we really appreciate you, and like your vibe, and like we'd like you to be a part of, you know.
George Haikal: are this round if you're open, would you consider investing? And you'd say I'd love to? I can't. I don't know how I'll look into this. But
George Haikal: doesn't it feel good for someone to want you to do that. That's how you would make the mentor feel
George Haikal: in a non-entitled way. You're asking very humbly and opening the opportunity to them. You're not expecting anything, and you're usually complimenting them on the way that they've helped you, and how much it meant. Question for Morgan. Lots of eirs have invested.
George Haikal: It's like we package a bunch of companies and we send it out to people who are interested in investing in techstars. Yeah, we like a big batch of companies that are actively fundraising. And as techstars we send it to our network. Go ahead, Chloe.
George Haikal: speak up a little bit for the recording. Yeah, we do this on sort of this investor review is at the central level, and then on a smaller scale. Sylvia does a micro version of that with her personal network. So you're going to see on base and then on basecamp later today. See a link with an intake for Sylvia's personal lookbook which she maintains. All the founders she works with. We're actively raising.
George Haikal: So it's only like, if you're very actively raising. If you come back to it in January, when you're ready. February, whenever you get to it.
George Haikal: That localized version is much more flexible on the timeline. This central version have deadlines that will make very clear to you.
George Haikal: Yeah, it's not the next couple of weeks. It's probably in the New Year. So you're not looking for it in December. Yeah.
George Haikal: so well
George Haikal: twice a year. So the the question was, Is the investor reveal release on a quarterly basis? And I think the answer is twice a year twice a year.
George Haikal: Cool. Okay. Next.
George Haikal: Yeah. Texas. Everything chloe did a great session with this, but we haven't really talked about it a lot since the 1st half of program. You're gonna want to use this a lot as an alum. The alumni that utilize this, the most get the most out of our network post program. Most of the alumni I meet with when I ask them, have they use it? They're like, No, but I should. I'm like, Okay, yeah, I mean, our CEO is active
George Haikal: in that, in that discord channel. And in that space. And whenever people are trying to get connected to a company, I tell them, like I could reach out to my fellow managing director and ask them to connect me to that founder, and then have that founder hopefully talk to you, or you could just reach out to the founder yourself
George Haikal: because they're usually responsive and willing to talk to you because you're a fellow. Techsars founder. So start there. If you don't hear from them, escalate to me and we'll get it done.
George Haikal: But you can do a direct connect, and you can use Texas universe to identify those people.
George Haikal: The same stuff Brad taught you guys about Linkedin, you can do on Texas. You can filter investors and mentors and founders and things like that. And it's only getting better. So like, we're adding new people every day and expanding that network. So that's in a more useful tool every month.
George Haikal: Yeah, some of you won't raise. So you need to have a plan. Some of you don't have plans to raise. Right? That's okay. Some of you intend to raise.
George Haikal: and some will, and maybe some won't.
George Haikal: Maybe you won't close as much as you plan to.
George Haikal: so you need to have contingency plans.
George Haikal: I'm happy to work with you on the plan, B, and look at the scenarios in a financial model. What I don't want is for you to reach out to me and say, I only have 2 weeks runway left. I need to fundraise.
George Haikal: That is not a call I want to take, but I'll take it. I just don't want to, and we can avoid it. So be way more ahead of the game.
George Haikal: You heard Merritt's story last time.
George Haikal: You have to make tough decisions and trade-offs
George Haikal: in order to stay alive sometimes. That's just what we have to go through as early stage. Now.
George Haikal: there we go.
George Haikal: Yeah, and textures universe when you're reaching out to investors on there, are they?
George Haikal: Pretty open to a cold email from the textures universe? Or is it still better to get a warm. It's better to get a warm intro. Always always better to get a warm introduction like you can go cold if you literally have 0 leads. It's unlikely that you have 0. Because and by the way, you'll heard me say this, but I'll say it again. The best intros actually don't even come from
George Haikal: people like me. They come from founders that those investors have already bet on. So if you can get connected through me or someone else to a founder that's already in the portfolio of that investor. And that founder makes the warm intro. That's gold.
George Haikal: because if any of you tell me that there's a company that we need to look at for my next program. That is the top tier, highest esteem that I would like validate. And and I would take that meeting because you told me to
George Haikal: same way with me as it is with the rest of those investors. For the most part, some of you have already given us referrals, so continue to do so. If you know someone in the pipeline for next time, and some of you were which is really cool.
George Haikal: When Neil was saying about cold outreach from Texas Universe, other founders in our global network, we have, like 3,000. You can reach out to them cold, they will most likely respond. Same with mentors that you find in Texas. They will most likely respond cold. I have a good referral example, it's Fabio
George Haikal: Fabio. You were referred by Antonio from Aware. Yeah. So he told me about you, and then that escalated our interest, and then I paid special attention to it. Yeah.
George Haikal: yeah, yeah. I talked to him last night. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
George Haikal: Yeah. Also, everybody submitted that kind of fundraising intake form that I sent out earlier, and I'm tracking like actively tracking both your runway this that you know. And also when you said that you want to start fundraising, so I know there's some people who aren't going to fundraise, you know. Now they might fundraise next September, but, like I still have the form and still on it, and you can always ping me whenever after program, too. But just so, you know, like I'm still watching. So no messages like 2 weeks from left. But I'm prepared.
George Haikal: And you should update Sylvia. If things change, if you actually are gonna fundraise later than you said, or something like that, because she has the track.
George Haikal: Great point, Sylvia. Okay, this is one of the links. You can download the tech stars founder fundraising toolkit here. It's an ocean page, or you can go in the alumni, Hq. And click on the door that Neil was talking about. So it's just one of the boxes. Once you go in the Alumni Hq. And the last thing is, ask for help. So
George Haikal: our alumni, some some of them we hear from like every week, which is great, and some of them just disappear, and they come back, and they're like
George Haikal: like Sylvia just said, I have 2 weeks of runway left. We can't help them if they didn't allow us to help them when we had the opportunity. So don't disappear into the ether and not give us updates. Let us know your progress, good or bad, so that we can get ahead of the bad, and so that we can help amplify the good. And it's not always hiding. Sometimes what I hear from folks is like, Oh, I didn't want to bother you. I know how busy you all are
George Haikal: like you have no idea like the best parts of our day is time with you all and helping you so give me a reason to cancel another meeting so that we can work on something together. Right. So ultimately we don't succeed. With all these other things we succeed when you succeed.
George Haikal: So our priority is helping our companies, because that's ultimately our 1st principle. Right?
George Haikal: So give us that that gift of your time and attention, and like needing our help. And Neil's not going to be upset. If you have bad news. I think we've told you guys that people are scared to tell them bad news like, Oh, you know, things aren't going well. It's totally fine. We probably have, like one conversation a week. Remember the now Looney 8. But Agent lunar meeting. Yes, before program started. They're like, we have a really important meeting like we have to. We're so like they were like, I had this whole thing.
George Haikal: Yes, I know you were. You were like mortified, and we're like, it's fine. This happens all the time, and you're like cool. I think we ended 15 min early. We're good. We've seen it all
George Haikal: all right. The big one who has heard of. Have we talked about this?
George Haikal: Okay? So sometimes the alumni that come in mentioned this, you've been kind of riding a high for these 13 weeks. It's a lot like kind of finishing senior year, you're, you know, it's really exciting. And then you have all these festivities, and you have graduation. And then it's really quiet, and you don't see your classmates every day. And it's kind of weird, and it's exciting because you just graduated. But you know it's a little sad. You kind of want to go back to calculus class. And it's like, Oh.
George Haikal: that's what's gonna happen to you here.
George Haikal: even if you feel like. No, this has been like horrible. I'm excited to have my time back or see my family again, which is great. You will still feel this kind of lifestyle change because you've been doing this for 3 months a little over 3 months. So just be aware of that. Everyone feels it on Monday when it's quiet, and you look at your calendar, and you don't have all these things, and you don't see a weekly overview from me, and there's no workshops at 9 am. To check in with us.
George Haikal: It will feel strange, but it's up to you to build those systems for yourself. So my advice and for your team, yeah, be leaders. So help each other. So like on Monday, you guys should probably be pretty active in your group. Chats checking in on each other. Have some calls already planned to like check in one on one, and just get that camaraderie, but also keep the structure for yourself. So if you loved having the Kpi check in every Monday, do it with your team.
George Haikal: do it with a partner here, give yourself that same structure because I think the thing that hurts the founders the most is they feel like they're not getting any work done because they got really used to having the structure of techstars, and they would get work done in between, and we held them accountable. Now, you guys have to hold yourselves accountable so the more that you can kind of like
George Haikal: artificially recreate what you've just been doing. But now you're doing it yourself, the happier you'll feel. It's also particularly tempting to like fall off
George Haikal: going into the holiday season in December. So this particular time is tricky, and you have to be really intentional setting those systems in place with the class, and with your teams before things drift off again, and they kind of go off the rails a little bit and get looser. It's the second half of December.
George Haikal: You should all plan to have some solid time off during this time, because you've been through a lot, and this is a great time to reconnect with your families, who in day one we told you would have you'd have to thank and tell them we'll see you in 3 months, and now you can go back and be with them so kind of twofold what Neil's saying like stay in it, and also have really intentional time off. That would be my advice.
George Haikal: But also just give yourself the permission to feel. However, you feel like it's okay. It'll feel strange. And that's fine.
George Haikal: Okay, a few things we talked about Tuxpace universe.
George Haikal: 2 things we're going to ask of you after Demo Day one, we are sending our post programs feedback survey, which is a very in-depth qualitative survey. We want to hear you guys like type out paragraphs, tell us what needs to change. We go through that whole thing and have a 3 h post-mortem where we iterate and implement that feedback. So it's really important to us. Yeah, we go super deep both with the Mps survey, but also like the one that we customize, that we get extra information from you on. Because.
George Haikal: like, we basically take all of your thoughts and feedback in ways that we can improve our program experience, and we pass that on to the next class.
George Haikal: And not only is that valuable for the next class, but, as I told you all, we have an unspoken agreement that you can always come back to my program so long as I'm running them. So I would love to have you all come back and experience the next version of each session and each aspect of the program that you've supported us to improve.
George Haikal: And you'll you'll receive an email actually, from Rachel. It it'll come through from Rachel Rose, and it'll be the Mps survey, so it'll be similar to the mid program survey that you did that one's much more quantitative. We've explained how Mps works. I'll review it at the end of this. But it'll be less like you won't give like paragraphs of feedback or anything. That's why we have that second one so that we can get the really qualitative things kind of what we were discussing with Shirley and Rachel in the ama yesterday
George Haikal: communications. You will retain your base camp access forever.
George Haikal: That's usually a question that we get here. Neil has, like the super unlimited deal. So you'll all be in there. People ask common questions. Can I run my company off of there, like looney already has migrated to running their company out of the base camp project we made. The answer is, yes, a lot of people do that post program. You will know when it's time to migrate to your own base camp, because Neil and I will be the owners and admins on the account whether you run your business on ours
George Haikal: or not. And so
George Haikal: you guys will need to kind of take over once you have employees, you know, it'll be your time this for doing. You can stay on as long as you'd like, but you'll know when you need to get your own
George Haikal: and then for anyone else who maybe isn't running their company on there. You still have your base camp access so you can go through the Hq. You can watch the old recordings you can communicate with anyone here or the team via there, like it still lives the same way that we're using it right now. Yeah. And then, just to be clear like 5 years ago, was when I had my 1st screening committee for my 1st program 5 years ago around right now.
George Haikal: And you saw on the alumni Hq. There were founders from 5 years ago that are still posting, active, engaged responding. So it's been 5 years of activity on this platform, and it's going to keep going
George Haikal: communications in base camp. Do we link to where they should be updating us on their fundraising? And yes, that's all in there for sure. Alumni, Hq. Dots and files. There's a techstars folder, and it has links to what Rachel's referring to, and Neil built out an FAQ, that was like, Okay, I'm raising. How do I let techstars know I'm shutting down my company. What do I need to do like all those things. Yeah.
George Haikal: So there are multiple ways to find it. And we'll also post this deck that has the links, too. So if you only remember that it was in this session, you can still find it there.
George Haikal: You can add this deck also to the alumni. Hq. That's a good idea. So join events. We talked about found Foundercon yesterday. It sounds like there
George Haikal: planning for 2025, which is exciting. And then there are other events from the techstars network team. So right before you guys started program in August, I ran a an event with the techstars network team. They might have a different name now. But it was the platform team. We ran an alumni event at the Github, Hq. Which was really cool, and we had Github people speaking and people from Deal. We had our partners speaking, and it was just like to meet other ones.
George Haikal: And it wasn't just for our alumni. It was for all the alumni who live here, and Rachel just told me about 2 thirds of the people who have gone through techstars live out here.
George Haikal: which is incredible. So Hello! Like, there's a lot of people. There's a huge opportunity right now. I think you all are the inaugural
George Haikal: first, st ever San Francisco City program. Isn't that really cool? So like, think about the moment that you all have right now to take advantage of that.
George Haikal: not just for yourselves, but like for the overall community.
George Haikal: So because there's so many techsart founders in the bay or around the bay, or adjacent, or wanting to actively spend time here. You all, as leaders, emerging from the 1st program could start to build and form that community
George Haikal: right and be leaders for it and for the alumni that you're now a part of
George Haikal: bring them together, start making things happen beyond just this class.
George Haikal: People are going to be really interested in both getting to know you, tracking your progress, supporting you. But also like. We need people like yourselves to step up as leaders to foster that community. In addition to ourselves.
George Haikal: Morgan.
George Haikal: amplify it for you. I don't know how how many people we have dedicated that like help, you run it or get the space.
George Haikal: Chloe and Sylvia and I can try and help you, but we can definitely amplify it at the very least.
George Haikal: And so we could get it to people who are graduates of other programs that would want to come
George Haikal: well, on top of that, I would say, like, I think you should identify some of the like biotech companies and founders that you'd really like to spend time with and get connected to build like a close inner circle. So then you all could collaborate on that. So it's not all on you to be the facilitator of. But then you can use your collective networks to have like proper events.
George Haikal: Have you seen the verticals on discord like that? They're different? Yeah. And you can even start like health tech asset, like, I'm sure there are like a good amount that live out here. Yeah. Good idea.
George Haikal: Yeah, building off that, because I think the the biggest thing for for building community is available space. And so would there be like like this.
George Haikal: will techstars have partners that we could talk to for events to get. So Chloe and I can help you with it. Yeah.
George Haikal: the partners have driven.
George Haikal: It's so cheap. That's where we had our very first.st
George Haikal: Okay, it it's not easy. You have to put in the work, and you have to be very respectful. Like, like, literally our team, we had a text, our sourcing event, and Agadina Chloe, Sylvia, George Kevin, myself we like afterwards cleaned up the whole space, you know, like we made it spotless. We put it right back the way we found it, because we were so grateful that they gave us that space for free so we only ask that reputationally techstars, founder and company.
George Haikal: how you doing things, how you do everything. Make sure you are respectful, so that you get invited back, and they want to help other founders, because reputation carries, and if they hear a tech stars, company, or founder behaving in a certain way or not being respectful, it carries over, and then they end up removing the opportunity for everyone.
George Haikal: So if we have an idea for that, would we be the right person? Yeah, I was gonna say, but I don't want you guys to overwhelm employee with asks for space. I'd like you guys to try to build relationships to find even more spaces and partners and people who we can like partner with, like the the Bio Labs where Morgan works, is one of the spaces. But they're not from partner relationship from our startup weekend.
George Haikal: So there are different things also. Alumni who live here might have office space like they have a further along in Chicago. We did that a lot. There were alumni who made it big. They had empty office space because half of them work remotely. So they just let us use that. You guys can also help us expand and find more by being the kind of founder that people like want to do things for you and help you out and do favors and gestures and make things available. It's awesome.
George Haikal: But yeah, starting out, yeah, Chloe and I can help you with that. And we'll use the connections we already have, and then we'll all work together to expand and find more venues.
George Haikal: Okay, engage so you can keep your one on one time with your lead mentors. It is not required of them. Most are like probably of the expectation that your relationships will wind down. Some people respectfully ask, I'm really loving working with you. Do you have time to meet with me perpetually monthly? And they might say Yes, but they might say no right? Because what you asked them was for the 13 weeks. Yeah. And also, I don't recommend standing meetings. For the most part.
George Haikal: I think people are addicted to standing meetings, and
George Haikal: I agree to them sometimes with founders who ask, I do say yes, it's rare that those sustain
George Haikal: Jake has sustained, and like a couple of the founders meet with me on like a regular cadence. Most
George Haikal: end up, realizing that that's not the best use of either of our time, and to block the time in the calendar permanently is not a good idea.
George Haikal: because we can get most done way faster in real time. When you just reach out. Let me know.
George Haikal: We kind of talked about it in the soft skills workshop before this, that only some of you were at. But I think standing meetings are a crutch for not being able to build your own accountability. So you like that like, oh, I have to meet with Neil next month, so I know I have to get these things done. You should have that accountability for yourself. It is not. It shouldn't be the reason that you keep this
George Haikal: lead mentor meeting.
George Haikal: Continue to have regular check-ins with your Md. You know how Neil wants those to go, Boxer. If you need to escalate it to a meeting. He will send out his meeting calendar. Now that you guys are going to be alumni. That's the secret. Now it's out. So I always send it out literally the day after Demo day or on Monday next week. Yeah. So it's usually in a really thoughtful, heartfelt message. But now everybody knows I give my actual calendar to every alumni. No, it's okay. It's fine. Because I already did for 2 of them like secretly, because you know whatever. But
George Haikal: but you do have access to my calendar anytime. So every week I have random companies
George Haikal: show up that I, you know, heard from a few years ago, or whatever like they. Whenever you need something, you can block 30 min or 25 min of my time. You can do multiple bookings if you want to need longer time, if you even if you need to, just sit down with me so that I'm firing off
George Haikal: some connections or intros. If it's a work session. And you're like, Hey, we have things that we really need your help. With that we want to do, and we'll just sit down and do it together those 25 min. That's good. You want to talk through something. We can do that. If you have personal updates, if you just want to check in and hear how things go. I don't care. Let's just take the time I love it. It's awesome. But sometimes we can get it done in 3 to 5 min on Boxer.
George Haikal: So you decide how much time you want to spend with me. But I'll trust that you'll be smart about that allocation
George Haikal: schedule class calls. Okay? So usually during this session. I give you guys some ideas. And then afterwards, maybe you guys discuss amongst yourselves. What we've seen in the past is.
George Haikal: everyone takes one quarter
George Haikal: to organize the monthly call. So you do. 3 monthly call like you're in charge of sending the reminder and sending out the calendar invite, and if you do that, you have, I think, 4 years covered. If you did math there, that's a lot of meetings, and that's what Jake's class did. They're 2 years in. They still do it. So it worked other ones from Oakland. They just 2 people were just like, I want to be in charge of that, and they work together, and they tag team it. And so J. Lo! Who you met who did the session for you on company
George Haikal: like cohort culture, as you can imagine, she's the one doing the monthly calls. Yeah, they invited us to their like ugly sweater party next week on zoom. They invite us to every other session that they have. Yeah. So I've popped in. Chloe's popped in. It's fun. And we've popped in on some past ones, too, like I went to Furona's class, who you guys met?
George Haikal: So all of those things so different ideas you guys can come up with. However, you want to do it, but keep your class calls. They could be Kpi calls. Some cohorts do monthly. Kpi calls like you met Corinne.
George Haikal: Corinne was here for a session for the alumni session in the 1st week.
George Haikal: I think we just did a like a fundraising talk or something where she was on it with us. She's the one who got the black ambition check from Pharrell.
George Haikal: Do you guys just meet her. I can't remember which session she came. Well, it doesn't matter. They still do monthly Kpis. All of our Oakland classes just do a check in call monthly. So it's up to you guys what you want to do. And some of them have, like subgroups of people who wanted to do Kpis, like every other week. And so like 4 of them meet together. So it's whatever you guys want to do, you can also make it quarterly. If you guys are like, that's too much.
George Haikal: And the small groups.
George Haikal: oh, yeah. And people keep up their CEO small groups, the Cxo small groups, whatever you guys want. I mean, it's it's your world. So think about what you want to do, and then take the initiative to actually do it, because, like Neil said. It is tricky right now, because we're going into where a lot of people are going to be on vacation and things. So you want to have this plan in place now before the New Year's. Maybe even just plan for January. Start right. Take December off, and then kick things off. In January. You'll be looking forward to it. You'll have more energy, that stuff.
George Haikal: Oh, up to you.
George Haikal: Okay, be a mentor to new companies. So I always say in this session. If you're interested in being like pulled back in, send me a ping after Demo Day like, Hey, I'm really interested in being involved in next class, even if you don't send it, I might reach out. But it's more helpful to me to know, like, Oh, these people really want to help, and those are the people who I've pulled in this this class. So everyone you've met from open like Mircha, who came in. Who does the music one? He's 1 of the ones that reached out and was like, I really want to be involved. So I made sure to pull him in.
George Haikal: and I'll pull you into things that I felt like you like shined at. So some of like your most positive qualities. Yes. So, for example, like some of you, all really knocked it out of the park with jobs to be done. So at midpoint presentation that we had where Jake was in town, and we gave you all feedback. Some of you were going to ask to come back to present your findings. And what's happened since?
George Haikal: Right? How did you read? How did you continue to apply what you learned to continue to grow. And it's not always like a perfect story, so it could be a hardship as well. You may have gone through a really tough time, and it's important for founders to know about that and what you went through and what you learned like Brent Tassie. That wasn't a happy story. He's like, here's how I messed up. But it was really helpful. Right? Right?
George Haikal: Okay. And then there are these things called CEO CTO breakfasts. So Brad, in Chicago used to organize these. Now it's self organized. And you guys can do it virtually, too. That's an option. So like sometimes all the Ctos from the cohort, get together every month and have breakfast, or the Ceos get together or you get together with all Ceos like, including the ones from the last class.
George Haikal: whatever you want. This is something that they did in Chicago, so I like to put it here and again attend Foundercom when it comes out and use. The discord is in this deck like 4 times, because most people don't do it, Neil said, like he asked about Techsore's universe, and they say, No, but I should.
George Haikal: I usually get the answer, no, I never logged in. How do I get in there? And I'm like, Okay, let's start from square one, because it's really important to be in this. You're not in there right now. Ask Chloe before the end of the week to help, so that you're not an alum that doesn't know how to get in, because it's going to keep you even further away from using it.
George Haikal: Okay? So working with Neil. Specifically, Neil is in charge of portfolio support as you move into the alumni stage, so he personally organizes all of our alumni. That's why we made the alumni Hq to kind of keep you guys organized. We have 150 plus now. But we've made some pretty scalable systems to tend to you guys.
George Haikal: So it's kind of a 2 way street, because we're doing everything we can to be organized and scalable and help you like. Sylvia says she's tracking you guys. But if you don't do the things that will go through here to keep us updated, we can't help.
George Haikal: Introduction requests are one example of where the onus is on you. So people who reach out and ask Neil, Hey, can you send this intro, or can you intro me to this person? The answer is usually No, because that's not a very thoughtful ask what you want to say is, Neil, can you please intro me to this person for this reason. Here's my forwardable.
George Haikal: We're like asking permission, he said, and if you say yes, I'll send you the forward. Yep, and and to be clear. There's people who are great at this, and people not so great. The people who are great. I think the example that I've talked about in this program already is Chamber. So, Alex. Oh, and gabby they not only do. They are like I'm sending intros to them all the time.
George Haikal: so thoughtful about it, and it's just like a gold standard. So what they do is they ask if they can make if I like to introduce them to someone or a set of people. I review that, I say, yes, they send individual forwardables. There's a link to the right way to do that here.
George Haikal: And
George Haikal: after a few days they'll follow up, you know. Hey? I just want to know if the intro got said. Usually when I send an intro I'll confirm. I'll send and go. I sent this. I'll let you know. Usually. But sometimes
George Haikal: things are going on. I'm in program. There's a lot of other activities, so it might take a little bit more time for those get fired off, so they'll very politely follow up after a few days and ask, hey? Just want to know if those intros went out. You know they give me a sense of when when they need that to go out they verify with me, and then, if I haven't heard back.
George Haikal: or I haven't looked or checked, they'll follow up in the next week, and they'll go. Hey? Did you hear back from so and so, or whatever, and then I'll go like they're really guiding me
George Haikal: along the way to make sure I'm accountable to them in a very, very polite but pushy way that I appreciate and enjoy. So if you are willing to do that for me, I will do anything that I can for you. The ones that go off into the void, and there's no follow up, or you know nothing afterwards. Sometimes those go through, sometimes they don't.
George Haikal: So that's that's the way that I need you all to help me, I would say, not getting frustrated with me or anyone. I've told you guys that it's it's good to politely nudge a lot of people really appreciate that. Politely follow up if you don't hear back or busy. If you come off entitled at all. No one's going to want to help you. So just know that you do probably need to nudge people who are giving interest for you because they're so busy.
George Haikal: But you're not entitled to it. You're just politely asking, and they might never respond. And that's fine.
George Haikal: Mirta, who I just talked about. He needed me to intro him to some people at tech starts. He asked me like for 3 weeks. He sent like a reminder every week, and I sent them, and they ended up all the intros converted to a sale he sent me that last night. It's like I'm so glad that you did it like. He followed up with me again like, Thank you for sending these. I want you to know. They all converted to sales. He sent me like a graph of like the revenue. It was awesome, and he only got those because he asked me 3 times we were in mentor madness and tech week. And so I just didn't prioritize it.
George Haikal: because he politely kept asking, I sent them.
George Haikal: So now his customers are techstar San Diego Techsar, San Francisco techsars, la techsar space and techsar city. Yeah, they're all customers of business. Yeah.
George Haikal: pretty cool. Okay, so if you want, he froze.
George Haikal: do you want them to do comments in investors. That's what we've said. Yeah. So the way some founders do it is they'll send a link with a list of people, and they'll ask you to like people like me to like fill in who I can make intros to. Annie. You did that right, and I and I responded, and we took care of that. That's that's a helpful way. That's not the only way, I think, the way that Alex and Gabby do it is they just literally just send
George Haikal: the links to the people. And then I look at the links, and I'm like, yes, I can introduce you to these people, and they've checked my network to verify that I know them.
George Haikal: And then they ask, how? Well, yeah, yeah, if if they're available, yeah, usually it's usually linkedin. Oh, I see that you're
George Haikal: second connected with this person like, can you tell me how much you know them? And if you're comfortable making intro? And so sometimes I told them like, I don't know that person. But I'll send the intro anyway, and they're like, Never mind. And sometimes they're like, Yeah, please do. So it's up to you
George Haikal: the best one I've seen of the investor. Crm. I don't know what you did any but we have a founder from Chicago Nasreen, who literally went into her like
George Haikal: her collab project and assigned it to do to Neil. Yeah, she would give me to Do's in her project in Base camp, because then it comes up between the things like I assigned him to, and so he just opened up a whole bag of work. I'm like. Oh, my God! No idea! They can assign me 10. That's true. This is very true. I've never asked you all to use that tool, but if you want to. It shows up in my little daily planner if you give me a due date.
George Haikal: Yeah, I'm just saying I love that. You remember that she's the only one who's done that. Yeah, it was awesome that she did that. She's a lawyer. So she's like
George Haikal: very much that survive. Okay? And then continue to share updates. So share, we'll get into this in a second. But the updates that you send outside of just your email updates send us boxer updates, let us know, like I love when we get Boxer updates. I just signed my 1st customer, or you know, we just reached 10 K Mrr. We get to celebrate with you. It's really great. Well, speaking of Andy got another customer last night.
George Haikal: Yeah, yeah. Now, Neil's gonna get every time we get a customer, she said she was like, Is it okay that I message you on Boxer every time I get a customer? I'm like, yes, please. I love getting. So we talked about
George Haikal: also keep Linkedin updated and keep your discord community active. We've already said that.
George Haikal: Continue to contact any of us in basecamp. That's still going to be the fastest way, like we said, it is your direct line to us, Boxer and Basecamp, because no one else has that access. So you get through all of the prospective founders who are emailing us in our selection process. We're going into in January. You get through all the other things we need to do for partners and emails. Phone calls, text messages, Whatsapp, all those other channels are in competition with other people.
George Haikal: These 2 channels are not in competition with anyone. This is exclusive to you. So just keep that in mind. And just remember, like, find people where they are. So our team is working together on base camp every single day when we're not in program. So you just that's why I said, the to do's right like that's where we already are. So it's the easiest way to find cool.
George Haikal: Okay, so this is like, help us help you. This is where the onus is on you. So it's on you to keep your business hygiene up to date. So with those things, and it's also on you to keep us updated
George Haikal: on the things you need help with. We can't know. I think we were talking to cogniscope about this, are they here? Oh, yeah, I think we're talking to you guys about this when we had our one on one. We can't help you. If you're not keeping us in constant contact, we kind of default to letting you guys go and run your business. You're not going to hear from us. We, I think we do quarterly asks on like reporting, but other than that.
George Haikal: we won't talk to you, so we assume everything is smooth sailing, because it usually is when we don't hear from companies, and then with Zoom, you'll come to us when you need things. We're not going to be checking in on you like, hey? Do you need anything? It's on you. I want that to be very clear, because we recently just had a Portfolio company who said, like, we hadn't been checking in on them and things. But we set this expectation very clearly.
George Haikal: You guys come to us when you need something. Otherwise we're going to leave it to you to do your business
George Haikal: as it should be.
George Haikal: Continue to learn. So like, Neil said. We linked the techstars education portal as a door in the alumni. Hq. This is another. I love the techstars, entrepreneurs, toolkit. Specifically our mental health one. I've linked this in a couple of weekly overviews, but I assume a lot of you didn't have time to check it out. This is Brad felt. This is one of the co-founders of techstars with David Cohen, and he gives a great story about his mental health journey. There are other things, too.
George Haikal: Everything you can think of marketing, co-founder relationships, more financial modeling resources. They're all in the toolkit. And and just to be clear like, there's some really helpful ones. And it seems like it's because it's available to everybody. If I can go to that link and use it which we encourage for everyone in the world. There's still stuff in there that I think all of you could benefit from. Now, even though you've gone through our program, I guarantee it. The co-founders. One is probably the one I've spun up the most. When I say spun up. I actually created
George Haikal: to do list templates for every single module in base camp for the entrepreneurs toolkit. So if you want, like a like, step by step, do this, do this. Do this guide that goes along with this like, let us know, we can spin those up. We've made those for Covid. Actually, yeah, yeah, that's right. They're in the Handbook. But also one last thing right, fell, which is really cool. He personally reviewed
George Haikal: each and every one of you.
George Haikal: and approved you for investment in techstars 1st time ever for investment committee. I think that's so cool. So between David Bradfeld, our investment, you know, lead Andrew and a few Mds that are on that Investment Committee. You have some like, really, really high level, high power people that literally, actively reviewed your business and and said, yes, and wanted you to go through techstars. I think it'd be really cool if you all learn from him. He's 1 of the most successful investors on earth.
George Haikal: What a cool connection to have where somebody like kind of almost personally knows you.
George Haikal: So we're doing great on, yeah, we're doing great on time. Okay, cool.
George Haikal: Yeah. So I added this because I do think mental wellness is one that you guys should do post program. Yeah, he's really big on that, too. He's huge on that. And then you're gonna hit the cliff. And so like, what a better time to check in on your mental health than this next couple of weeks.
George Haikal: Okay, textures talent. So this is one thing that people usually reach back out about.
George Haikal: how do I recruit people for jobs? How do I post job postings, or how do I find talent. We have lots of links for that. So we have the techstars talent to find job candidates, talent dots, different resources. I'll let you guys click through that.
George Haikal: There's also this link to claim your company profile on the techstars. Talent network.
George Haikal: It goes with techsars. Universe. You have to make sure that things like link up correctly. Let us know if you need help with that. But I'll just leave this to you guys to click into these things
George Haikal: and then hiring resources. So you can put job postings out and we'll amplify it. And then there are also these posts on hiring practices. So if you want to increase your Dei, or if you just want help hiring. In general, we have lots of resources for that outside of just amplifying the job postings. So that's 1 of the main things that people come back to us in a few months like, Hey, okay, I'm ready to hire like, what do I do so just remember, in this deck we have all these resources.
George Haikal: One other point I want to make on that previous one. Just that last one looking at the the link.
George Haikal: one tip that I don't know if we've talked about enough. But thanks to Annie, it's definitely been elevated conversationally in this program is the
George Haikal: earlier and more proactive you are at hiring and bringing on a diverse team the easier it is to scale diverse team.
George Haikal: If you have a homogeneous team early on, and then you continue to hire in that way. It's it's almost like the ship is sailed, and it's almost hard to go back. So it's important to be very intentional about diversity and inclusion and making sure that you have different perspectives and the right kinds of perspectives and experience on your team early on, because when it goes, it just kind of runs off.
George Haikal: So just keep that in mind. Happy to help. I think Annie's also pro at this. But I'm also happy to help, because
George Haikal: I've been a part of so many different teams. And the one team I've seen that this, like this be an exception, for is tech starts.
George Haikal: So when I was at techstars 5 years ago, it looks very different. Today
George Haikal: is incredibly diverse. It was a masterclass in a larger organization, still shifting its composition with intention. So it can be done. It's just really hard, so definitely like, do it when it's easy. Yeah. And I'll add that diverse talent likes to work with diverse teams. So that's why like building early is good, because then you'll attract diverse talent, and you would have gone to another company because they had already built in that diversity.
George Haikal: Yes.
George Haikal: So company updates, people are always asking, do we have to be doing weekly updates. Please do not do that.
George Haikal: You should continue doing updates at a monthly or quarterly cadence. So we have some founders who it's just slow and steady. They're growing. And they're in like a really big build season. They just realize they don't have that much to put in their monthly updates. They switch to quarterly. That's fine. You don't want to keep doing weekly updates because you're going to spam your network. So while you're in techstars like everyone's here. They're cheering on for you while you're doing the 13 weeks. People don't want to continue getting those weekly ones after
George Haikal: we wanted to switch to monthly to spare their inboxes as well as we won't have as much every week when you're not in techstar, so it'll be a much more overview of the last month. Snapshot. Do your keep guys for the last month give any key updates things like that. But don't be the founders and only post regular updates when you're trying to fundraise.
George Haikal: not be those founders. It's a dead giveaway that you don't have your hygiene up to date, and that you're more opportunistic. You're like I'll give updates when it's convenient for me, because I'm trying to do something and get something from you. All I won't do, updates, I'm not.
George Haikal: That is not a good pattern.
George Haikal: Some investors are clever enough to ask you in the data room to add your investor updates, and they check to see the cadence of when you ship them. Exactly. Exactly. So. I'm just going to restate it, because it is one of the clever, like the astute investor will look at those types of details to see how consistent you are as an individual and as a founder. So there's like a like a deeper level of analysis that happens sometimes, and they won't even ever tell you that
George Haikal: it won't tell you that. But that's what they're actively analyzing stuff like that
George Haikal: which brings up a good point. I don't have a slide for this, but you guys should be updating your data room that you've made. I was just a rough draft that we made together when we went through the curriculum for these past 8 weeks.
George Haikal: Those things are placeholders. You should be continuing to put like for stakeholder communication. We did that in week 8, which means the last
George Haikal: or weeks are not in there. You guys need to put those in your data, but every month that you do after that in your data. But your updated legal docs, your updated financial model
George Haikal: that's on you guys. So make sure that you're updating your data room and your financial model at a good cadence. Put it in your calendar. All of the best Ceos have a normal cadence that they're updating things.
George Haikal: Chloe, and then, please, can you speak up a little bit? Sorry
George Haikal: afterwards, like, make sure those numbers are clear and fresh, and you have the best info like in your brain.
George Haikal: Yep, very good point, yeah.
George Haikal: And then, like the weekly months.
George Haikal: Okay, that's up to you. So just to be clear like. And I would encourage you to probably create a subgroup of people that you do that for, because I'm pretty sure not. Everyone on your list wants that weekly update. But I don't know.
George Haikal: So you decide what makes sense. It's all like, it's your world like, we're giving you advice here. These are tips like you decide what makes sense for your situation.
George Haikal: I would be so impressed if you all sent weekly updates consistently. But I think that'd be hard to keep up with and a big responsibility. So just keep that in mind. Yeah, consistency is key. So whatever you're setting the expectation for, you have to uphold that, I would say, subgroup exactly what Neil said. Some people have come up to me after this and said like, but it's like a journaling exercise for me every Friday, like, I want to keep doing it weekly.
George Haikal: Great! Just siphon off a very small subgroup. Maybe it's like your lead investor who you've talked to and wants that, and like your close friends who are following your journey and your team, and like maybe Neil, and that's who you send, and then everyone else's month, and something else is not on here. But I want you guys to keep in mind is you should be expanding that pool. So the more people you meet, you're gonna go out. You're gonna make more connections and all that. Ask them to add to your network to your weekly update or monthly update network.
George Haikal: Okay.
George Haikal: remember to keep updates@techstars.com on there. So even if you make a new list, since you're not going to do the weekly anymore that still needs to be on there. Techstars wants those. Some people come back because they use like Mix Max, and they can see that they're not always opened, and they say, like, does Texters actually read them? The answer is, yes.
George Haikal: but so it's usually at a specific time. If we're evaluating you for a follow on funding. We'll go back and we have an investment team and they'll go back through and they'll input the different things in your updates. They see into an algorithm. And that's how we decide on the following. So even if they don't open it, every
George Haikal: yeah, is that not? No, it is. But I haven't do a good job of what was the thing. Oh, you're fine! You're fine! You're fine, but I'm gonna go
George Haikal: so they might not always open it, which is fine, you still need to send it.
George Haikal: We also will look back when we're doing our
George Haikal: end of program and future end of programs like every on a regular cadence, usually twice a year for Lp updates. We'll go back through that at that time and pull out really awesome wins to share so it's a really great opportunity to be highlighted. You can't highlight you if you don't know what's going on. Yeah. And and I have one other tip. So again, like the tracking. So most or some of you have added the special base camp link that we asked you to add to your updates so that
George Haikal: we review those.
George Haikal: I review those more than I probably review it in like my personal inbox, because that gets forwarded. Basically.
George Haikal: So it'd be super helpful if you were willing to do that. No pressure, but we'll post it again if you don't mind doing that. The whole team sees that update when you send it to that link because it populates into our like. We have a back of the office portfolio management base camp. So we have every single company with its own dedicated to do list group.
George Haikal: And when you have an ask or a need, and we identify that either in your email update or through a meeting. I have.
George Haikal: we added to do under your group, and says, Follow up on this for Dave, or like, I'm literally trying to keep track of all the things I need to do for you, and I'm putting it in a replace, so the team sees it. So if I'm busy, one of them can take it off of my plate, and like do the proactive step to help you all out? And does it get missed? Because then, if there's just a to do sitting, that one of us will see it versus if it just lives in Neil's inbox like you're up.
George Haikal: Okay? And then, oh, so this is kind of what I just said. So this is a link, because people were wondering like who have text. So you can click that if you want more info. And then this is just do them. I think Brad wrote that a long time ago. I agree. Okay, your cap table.
George Haikal: Yeah, I mean, this is pretty straightforward. You all know these tools. You've seen these resources. So there's lots of discounts on ways to manage your cap table. If you haven't activated these already. I think some of you already have experience leveraging these discounts. Does anyone utilize this already?
George Haikal: Fabio Monica near it? Okay, cool. So if you have any questions about them, ask those folks or Chloe.
George Haikal: If you've raised over a million dollars, it's if you've raised under a million dollars. It's free with Carta
George Haikal: that is working.
George Haikal: Yeah, we just made relationships with the local carta team. So now that's like a rep that we can introduce you to. You want to choose them based on that.
George Haikal: Don't go on.
George Haikal: Okay, follow on funding. So we just alluded to it in the updates one. When you prepare to raise. Let us know I'm going to skip to the next one, because you're legally required to let us know. So that's what the pro rata rights. Are you notify taxpayers of every debt or equity financing route? So it's an institutional investment route. You have to let us know
George Haikal: you complete the linked form that'll come up in a second directly.
George Haikal: or you can include, or CC. Legal at techstars on any kickoff communication.
George Haikal: We have this all in base camp like, Oh, I'm starting around. How do I let Texters know? Because all of you need to.
George Haikal: There's the so accidentally started an email to legal
George Haikal: notify us early, but certainly when you have your 1st commitment, that's what a lot of people are like, always wondering like, at what point am I starting my route.
George Haikal: When you have your 1st commitment, you should have already let us know. So that's why letting us know early when you kick off the institutional round. This is not the case when you're just like taking some angel checks. And to be clear like fall on funding isn't guaranteed.
George Haikal: It's actually quite rare. It'll have. It'll happen potentially with maybe one or 2 companies in a given class. Given the timing and the trajectory and all that. But I just want to really set those expectations. It's not a positive or negative signal about where you're at. Techstars has, like its own way of determining who they do. The following investments for the timing of that and the metrics of that, and you'll learn more about the process by clicking that link. But just to be clear like
George Haikal: I do have founders that like feel like they expect techsars to do that. And I want to really mitigate those expectations, because it's not by any means something that I'm in direct control of. Nor should you feel you know.
George Haikal: miffed by. If for some reason you don't get it. Yeah, the rights are outside of whether or not they decide on best. It's that we have these knowledge rights.
George Haikal: I'm just looking for a second.
George Haikal: Why, like we don't operate like a normal fund in terms of like the signaling for one investment. Like most, because our funds operate so different.
George Haikal: If you want to see.
George Haikal: Yeah for the recording, Chloe is saying. It's extremely rare, and people usually don't expect to see that you've received follow-on funding. We don't know what other programs kind of track record is but for ours every program there's usually about one on average, maybe 2 that receive follow-on so very, very low amounts. But that's outside of letting us know about your route. This is required. The follow-on funding is
George Haikal: may happen. May not. Is this clear? So you just fill out this intake form. When that's the Tldr fill out the intake form when you launch around. Certainly, by the time you have your first, st that's it.
George Haikal: Okay, cool
George Haikal: other reporting requirements that were in the agreements. You guys signed when you did the Texas deal, did you already get an email about this? Yeah, I think they did. They got the email. Okay? So that'll continue ports.
George Haikal: So just make sure you fill it out. We sent a reminder email in the alumni, Hq, I think we're going to continue doing that to try and help. You guys remember? Because it's easy to miss, it's just an email. Rachel's nodding. I think you really appreciate when they fill it out.
George Haikal: Yeah? Cause then we gotta hunt you down. It's a whole thing. And I wanna do that. Okay, cool.
George Haikal: So
George Haikal: people suggest to have a founders@yourwebsite.com. People default to emailing that sometimes. That's not something we've talked about in this program. But does that make sense what she just said, like a founders at basically meaning founders@bitenight.com or founders at opaltherapeutics.com. So the word founders at. And then, if you do that like, we know, that's our code
George Haikal: to email, the founders of that company. Does that make sense? It's that people sometimes default like if they don't have your email like, if they want to reach out to Annie, maybe someone at techstars investment team is interested. founders@reliable.com might be one that they would try first.st So that's not something we've talked about before. It's a very easy thing for you guys to spin up and then just forward to your normal inbox to just do that. In case anyone tries to contact you like that.
George Haikal: don't forget your email etiquette. A 100% follow up
George Haikal: mentor relationships can be forever if you put in the work to nurture them. So mentor relationships do not have to end like I said about the lead mentorship. That's for any mentors that you met.
George Haikal: You don't have to have a standing meeting for their relationship. To continue. You can just keep them updated. You can send them an email with a question, a very specific question. You can ask them for a 1 off meeting any sort of thing like that, I would say. Nurturing your mentor relationships is really important. One more point on that.
George Haikal: I've seen mentors join companies.
George Haikal: They some of them end up working with you and for you, because you take off, and they want to be on that ride with you. They get really excited. I've seen mentor madness. Mentors become Ctos of some of our portfolio companies. Yeah, because they see the potential. They see where you're going and they want to join on the journey. So keeping these updates and relationships strong, you never know what could happen.
George Haikal: Eric became the CEO of one of our companies. Yeah, exactly that. That's a great example. Yeah.
George Haikal: I'm just saying Daniel would be an awesome CTO. So if anyone just joined another startup. But maybe you know, maybe the I'm fairly confident none of you can afford him right now. But that's just setting a goal for you. Yeah.
George Haikal: okay? And then keep in touch. Ask for help. That's pretty much. The whole premise of this whole presentation is, keep in touch and ask for help when you need it.
George Haikal: Yeah. We already said that.
George Haikal: Oh, yeah, yeah, I want to do so. So I've added this a long time ago. This is like a RAM Lincoln quote. I know I'm dating myself. I just Google imaged it. But
George Haikal: I think it's important to remind you all of like we're giving you all this advice. You've gone through this experience. We've given you all these things that we want you to do. We think you should do, and all that at the end of the day. It's your journey. It's your business, it's your life.
George Haikal: So when you make a mistake like lilliana said, intellectual honesty own up to it. I've made plenty myself. We're all in it together.
George Haikal: So just recognize, like at the end of the day, like, you're the ultimate judge of your life and yourself. And this business is a big part of the commitment you've made. So we're with you on that thick and thin, whether it goes well or it doesn't go well, I've still got you.
George Haikal: Okay, so there won't be any judgment. I've heard from founders who meet with me, and they're nervous to tell me that their business is shutting down.
George Haikal: or that they need to change course, that they lost a co-founder or something really bad happened, or they're struggling.
George Haikal: I hope you know that I carry the same energy in every interaction I have with every single one of my founders, which is one of understanding and and love and appreciation.
George Haikal: So that's our commitment to all of you. So we'll keep that going, no matter what.
George Haikal: There's 1 more reminder here. And then we're gonna transition to like off boarding details.
George Haikal: the reminder of how so some people still were asking me after the mid program. So I want to go over this again. It's not a perfect
George Haikal: metric. A lot of people have a lot of critiques about net promoter score, but it is the best that we have to be able to receive feedback from you guys like Shirley and Rachel were saying in the ama yesterday. So a promoter means that you would recommend tech start. That is 9 to 10
George Haikal: passive means you would. You're neutral, that's a 7 or an 8, and the detractors is 0 to 6, which means you would not recommend tech stars and the Mps score takes their promoters and the detractors, and compares them and separates them, and the neutrals are just cast out of it. So that's how Mps works. It's not a 10 star scale. But you might intuitively think it's kind of not. And some people think that. And then they're like, Oh, yeah, they did a good job. We'll give them a 7,
George Haikal: because we know we could be better. But it's a different calculus than like a sheer one to 10.
George Haikal: Right?
George Haikal: Yeah. So I just like to make that clear, because I have founders who come back like we reach out. So if you do not give a great score, I do like a follow up interview with you, because I want to know. I do it every time, and some people will say, What are you talking about. I love.
George Haikal: and I say, well, you gave it 7. So I want to follow up and know what it is. And they actually are like, well, can I change it? No, we are. We have all these data systems, like already, input into salesforce and all this stuff. So I like to say it now beforehand. So everyone just knows that they're putting exactly what they want. But cool.
George Haikal: This also has a very hard deadline. So when you get the email from Rachel. There will be one follow up other than that they close it. So I also have founders like, Oh, where do I find the Mps. I want to read it. I can't open it back up, because it's not from us, and they want to promote. And they're promoters and supporters of us, and they miss the opportunity. And then it impacts our like performance and score when founder doesn't get that deadline, you know. And on time, yeah. So just do that
George Haikal: favorite for us. Also, we're going to post our own feedback form where we want to hear all the qualitative things. Help us help the next class, and you can learn from us. And then techstars, because this is something you should probably have for your business.
George Haikal: You should know whether your customers are promoters of your product. That's true. Very true. Okay, we'll pause for questions while I pull up cool any questions.
George Haikal: Yeah, Eddie.
George Haikal: for participating in future techstars coming back? Is it a commitment to show up to every single session, every single required session, except for the ones that we're not allowed to come to? Or can we audit certain sessions that we need to refresh. What we do is we give you access to our future program calendar
George Haikal: right? And so you can see what's going on, and
George Haikal: what we ask of you informally is to let us know
George Haikal: when you plan to join in, because
George Haikal: that will allow us to tell you whether we think it's appropriate for you to or not.
George Haikal: That's tier one. There's a tier, 2
George Haikal: tier 2 is, I have a company that was like either struggling or they're pivoting dramatically, or they need to rekindle that startup energy.
George Haikal: And they actually want to participate in program again.
George Haikal: So that I do a special arrangement with where we
George Haikal: more actively involved in some of the sessions that allow them to be supportive. We don't give them access to some of the things that are proprietary to that program team to that program. So they don't do mentor madness. They don't go on the retreat. They don't do some of those activities, but we do. Let them sit in on a majority of the workshops.
George Haikal: And I provide extra individualized coaching to those companies because they're already in my portfolio. Okay, does that make sense? Yeah. So if we're auditing, and there's an in-person week, we could come to the back of the class. Exactly. Exactly. We love having alumni as guests, and then participants in those other workshops.
George Haikal: Yep, Chloe had a good point. Did you want to say something.
George Haikal: Yeah, I was just gonna say.
George Haikal: have any workshops that maybe wanna make the dates like a lot of people are like, when is Troy's next financial modeling workshop. I'm sure either.
George Haikal: Number 2. If you want to get involved in the next program, specifically ping me, not, lilliana.
George Haikal: you can talk to me for December, but I'll be gone in January.
George Haikal: still informed that like constitute something
George Haikal: I default to. Yes, more information is better, more awareness, and over communication is good. I'm not sure it will be as meaningful right as far as sporadic participation. Whatnot. But it's good to communicate them.
George Haikal: They have very specific. So, Neil saying, you better say sorry if you want the very specific like events are. It was in the deck. I just clicked through it like what those rounds look like.
George Haikal: okay, cool. So we're gonna go through housekeeping now. These are things that we see people still
George Haikal: not doing. And then they miss stuff. So, for example, we have a founder who wanted to attend Demo Day, and he missed it because he didn't have his alumni notifications on, and now he can't come, because we already filled up our tickets so very sad. I want to make sure that you guys do these. If you're not doing them right now, you follow up and do them right after this session. Okay, so we're going to go through one by one. Chloe just posted this and then Hq. So we have to use
George Haikal: if you do not want to get notifications for everything in basecamp anymore. And you just kind of want to live in your inbox turn on email notifications after this week. Not now, because you're going to get a lot of spam. But after Friday, turn on your email notifications, we can go through. How to do that. You click up here, click your notification settings and you click this magic box here.
George Haikal: It's safe to do that, even though I told you to unclick it the minute that you got into basecamp, because you're not going to hear from us very often, and when you do. It's important.
George Haikal: Next thing complete the post program, Mps Survey, which is the one that will come from Rachel.
George Haikal: Then complete the survey for us, which will be on basecamp. You'll see it and linked it here. Complete the investor intake form, if you're gonna open around.
George Haikal: join Sylvia's personal lookbook, which we said is like her personal investor, reveal that she's going to be doing. Fill that out if you're actively raising, if not, come back to it later, when you start actively raising.
George Haikal: If you're still interested in Sf. Events. Arcadena and Chloe made this
George Haikal: Luma calendar that has things that are happening here. So if you're going to be in Sf after program. Make sure that you're subscribed to that. Yeah, you want to plug that.
George Haikal: That's just events that we're hosting. There are a bunch of other great sort of newsletters, and they're in that Sf. Guide that we sent out early. This is just for, like any happy hours from us. So Sylvia, put the Sf. Guide that we sent you when you got your offer, and that has like newsletters to sign up for for things that aren't from us.
George Haikal: Figure out a meeting cadence and format like I said, for you guys that doesn't include us. That's you guys deciding on your own and then update your investor email list. So make sure this is the base camp, link, Neil was saying. This sends it to our back end, portfolio support base camp. This is what you need to send it to. So just make sure that you update that that you're changing to a a more sustainable cadence.
George Haikal: Okay, questions on your to do's because I'm gonna go introduce.
George Haikal: Make sure that you do these right after demo day.
George Haikal: Okay, resources. This is the Texas education notion page that Neil was talking about. You can find a lot of really good stuff on there. That's also where the fundraising toolkit is. If you want a direct link to the fundraising toolkit. Just click on it through the alumni. Hq. Texters universe. Some of you still don't know what the link is, or have an account on that. So it's linked right there. Yeah.
George Haikal: make sure you can access.
George Haikal: It's much, much easier for me to get into it.
George Haikal: Oh, yeah, that's so true
George Haikal: mental health support, which is great. Oh, do you want to plug this Chloe? Yeah. So, Nelson Mitchell, you guys are trying to see around the office from our last cohort last time around. He gave us this recommendation, for that he uses and likes and respects, and he wanted to continue sharing that out to support you guys if you need help.
George Haikal: They have experience supporting founders and Vcs, which is great because one of the things I hear is like founders don't, or therapists don't understand the founder journey like I tell them how I'm stressed and like they're like, why are you putting yourself through that. And so working with therapists who understand the founder vibe and like what you're going through, is really helpful.
George Haikal: highly recommend. And then your updates so look out for the investor, reveal. It'll probably be in the New Year, and then your video should come out at least one week. Post Demo Day. Give it 2. If it comes in less than 2. It's a happy surprise, we say, like, Give it about 2 weeks. You'll see a post. I know you have an agreement where they said one week lowly, I will tell you from experience that things don't always go according to plan. So I think we're being a little. We're overstating our commitment there for one week. Turnaround.
George Haikal: I would give it 2 weeks. I'm just telling you I've seen this a lot. It could take up to 2 weeks, and you should be expecting and planning for that because they're very nice videos. So they go back in post and that they're going to embed your video. So it's not like a video of a video. They're just going to directly embed your product, video, etc. Yeah, there were a couple of things about my video that I think we could have made smoother. And so I
George Haikal: I was just wondering if, like like, not a huge change. But just like my team going in and fixing. Yeah, so what you can do is for the videographers. If you guys have something. And you're like, oh, there's a typo in my video. Can't change it for actual demo day. What's going on but we can do is you can send a new one, and we can give it to the videographers. We can on Monday.
George Haikal: you know, already, has the videos. If you
George Haikal: want to make changes, just send them over as soon as possible as soon as possible. Okay, so it can't be. That being said, you'll get a video and you can edit it yourself afterwards or get someone else to edit it, too. That's for sure. We've had founders even get the raw files, too.
George Haikal: Yeah, yeah, we have had. So you can. You can like. Do it yourself afterwards. Yeah.
George Haikal: so. But what everything is signed still delivered for what's going on the screen in saying we have a little wiggle room to get some videographers like today. Okay, that was everything I wanted to go over here. Are there any questions at all for our housekeeping?
George Haikal: Okay, cool. I think we did it in record time about it. Yeah, we that was only 75 min. Yeah, okay, we'll stick around for more questions. I think I'm going to stop the recording here. This is great. Just remember, it's techstars for life. I didn't put my final slide up here, but it just says techstars for life. Little heart. That's the whole message here that nothing is ending. You're just entering a new transition into a new
George Haikal: a new role. Yeah. And conversationally, we're gonna like
George Haikal: debrief this program and experience tomorrow at 12 by 12. So we'll have time for everybody to say their piece about reflecting on things. And what's next. But Dave, yeah.
George Haikal: she responded to your base camp with the slide
George Haikal: regarding the material that you guys shared with us. I was thinking, like, I think all my next hires they they will need to go through some of the key workshops, you guys, I'm gonna have it as an onboarding. So just to make it clear. What is your policy for sharing that? Yes, great question. Thank you.
George Haikal: So your employees, your co-founders. No one outside of your correct. That's exactly right. And it's an honor system.
George Haikal: So we're really expecting you all to maintain that we share those recordings
George Haikal: because it's a it's a courtesy, and if for some reason things get out, we'll have to change the links. We'll have to pull it back. And then that's bad for everybody, right? So we need to keep everything in house. But we keep those
George Haikal: for that exact purpose so that you can. Other people who join your team, who are key roles and key employees have access to that information as well.
George Haikal: Any other kind of questions.
George Haikal: Awesome. Okay, thanks, guys. Alright. So this afternoon, we're switching the virtual for the off boarding conversations that we have. So there's a zoom online. So just join at your time. I've posted the weekly overview. So the times are there. They're also below the event and base.
George Haikal: So just look for your time. Slot. Join the zoom. At that time. It'll be 15 min with chat.
George Haikal: Yeah. One final thing, Kelly.
George Haikal: Cool zoom together. Okay. Great. Alright. Have a good day.
George Haikal: You, too. Bye, Ray.